Add create howtos script (#44)
google/flax: howtos/README.md

# FLAX HOWTOs

## Introduction

FLAX HOWTOs explain how to implement standard techiques in FLAX. For instance,
the HOWTO for ensembling learning demonstrates what changes should be made to
the standard MNIST example in order to train an ensemble of models. As such, 
HOWTOs are simply "diffs".

## List of HOWTOs

In essence, a HOWTO is a set of changes that are applied to the FLAX master 
branch on Github. HOWTOs are currently simply diff views between HOWTO branches 
and the master branch. Soon, they will be merged with the rest of our 
documentation through readthedocs.

Currently the following HOWTOs are available:

* [Ensembling](https://github.com/marcvanzee/flax/compare/prerelease..howto-ensembling?diff=split)

> :warning: We should add the HOWTOs here automatically, or refer to 
            readthedocs.

## How HOWTOs work

While HOWTOs are shown as changes on a branch, these branches are read-only for

> the users. HOWTOs are represented as diff files in each client as well. For 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the users. HOWTOs are represented as diff files in the repository as well. For 
```

("client" is a Piper term that doesn't exist in GitHub)

instance, the "ensembling howto" is represented in two ways:

* In the branch `howto-ensembling` (only on Github).

> * In the file `howtos/diffs/howto-ensembling.diff` (on the master branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the file `howtos/diffs/howto-ensembling.diff` (in the repository).
```

(The file exists on all branches)

in diff files locally, pushed to origin and applied to the master branch 
automatically.

This process is automatic, which means that users usually won't notice this, 
except if they want to add a new HOWTO, or their changes require making changes
to HOWTOs. We explain these two cases below.

## Adding a new HOWTO

In order to create a new HOWTO, you can simply make the desired changes local
changes and run:

```
./howtos/script/pack_howto_diff.sh
```

This will pack the changes made on `howto-<name>` into a diff file and stage it
for committing. It will also revert all changes you made, but you can directly
recover these changes simply by applying the diff:

```
git apply <diff_file>
```

After pushing your commit, the newly submitted diff file will be unpacked on
Github with a Github action and a new howto branch will be created for it.

The workflow script for the Github action can be found at 
`.github/workflows/apply-howto-branches.yml`

## Resolving a conflict with an existing HOWTO

> :warning: TODO: This is still in progress. Currently conflicts are resolved by
            checking whether the Github action fails, and if so, manually making

>             the required fixes.

Reviewer: Also please add a section (even if it's not written yet -- with a TODO) for "modifying an existing HOWTO"
